Own Correspondent, South 24 Parganas: Wednesday morning at 9:30 AM. The city streets were just getting busy. Employees and officers had not yet reached the South 24 Parganas Zilla Parishad building in Alipore. Cleaning staff were busy cleaning various floors. They were the first to see black smoke curling out from the third floor of the building. Sensing danger, they quickly came down and realized the fire was taking a terrible shape. To save their lives, three cleaning workers went up to the roof. By then, flames were leaping out of the windows of the multi-storied building. The fire was spreading rapidly. After the third floor, the second floor, and then one by one, fire and smoke were seen coming out from the upper floors. Since then, 20 fire engines have been trying to put out the fire. However, the fire could not be brought under control until night.  As the fire was not under control, nothing specific could be known about the damage. However, given the way the fire burned for hours on different floors, it is feared that nothing remains. The offices of the Zilla Parishad Karmadhyakshas have been gutted by the fire. One of these offices belonged to recently arrested Trinamool leader and Falta's self-proclaimed 'Pushpa' Jahangir Khan, as he was the district's Pust Karmadhyaksha. Various documents, furniture, and computers of the state government's education, horticulture, forest, and prison departments located on different floors have been completely burnt to ashes. At one point, the fire spread to the ninth floor of the building. EVMs used in the Assembly elections were kept there. Given the intensity of the fire, it is feared that they are also not intact. The cause of the fire is not clear. There is confusion as to whether it was planned sabotage for some dishonest purpose or simply an accident. Because, why did the fire break out in the Zilla Parishad building right after Jahangir went to jail? Or questions are being raised as to whether any secret documents were kept in Jahangir's room before the vote. Rumors among the building staff suggest that a fire broke out here some days ago too. Nothing major happened that time. After Trinamool's defeat in the vote and Jahangir's fall, a fire again there! Is it not sabotage? Police have informed that an investigation has started based on the complaint filed by the Additional District Magistrate. The source of the fire has been cordoned off. A forensic team will arrive soon to collect samples.  According to Zilla Parishad and local sources, the fire was first seen in the National Informatics Centre (NIC) office located on the third floor that morning. Then the fire engulfed the offices of the Zilla Parishad Karmadhyakshas. From there, the fire...
